the revolution in vague volks
know a new fox bluemotion now that
inaugurates the engine 1.0 flex of three
the cylinder is small two is good three is
too much is what the saying says is not really
but to force him to whom now three is the
it is the best that the factory solved
debut now in fox
the modern three-cylinder engine 1.0
that is being manufactured in Brazil and that
will also equip the small year
expected to be released later this year
and the result is that it not only surprises
by performance but also by the promise
of being around 17% more economical
version 1.0 all done in
aluminum is also 24 pounds lighter
has more power and does not wear the tanquinho
for starting cold when
supplied with ethanol, something that
draws attention to this engine is the torque
at low speeds
nor does it seem that a zero point is
achieved with the control of
variable admission that allows prioritizing
the touch according to the needs
but fox bluemotion has more stuff
to help reduce the consumption of
fuel
his highest priority begins with a
aerodynamic package that includes new
Grille and Front Shock Reflectors
rear mudguard and airfoil in the
roof has also electro hydraulic steering
that steals less power
the tires are narrower and of the type
green with low rolling resistance
function with a filling pressure
which made it necessary to change
shock absorbers so as not to damage the
comfort but worsened slightly in the
stability
to complete a few more marches
long and dashboard with onboard computer
and indicator of the ideal moment of exchange
of the marches
the new fox bluemotion 1.0 does not replace
the current version is already being sold and
costs an exact 750 reais
or 32 thousand five hundred and ninety
two doors and 34 thousand and 90 o of four
doors